The Miami, the home of the greatest splurged scene of the world!
The Miami, give me the fuck out of this city!
What the fuck is going on here?
It's Harvintown!
I guess I say who I am first, right?
I'm the ugly Jeff Davis!
And then who's next, Dan?
No, or Spencer!
And the uh, Grand Dragon? What do you mean?
Spencer Crittenden!
And now, the mayor and chief of Harvintown, Dan Harvintown!
Thank you Miami, thank you! Thank you!
Okay, oh shit.
Thank you so much, that was a very warm welcome, you guys, it was very enthusiastic.
Because you don't get to see me that often, right? How many people are from Florida?
Uh, one person raised their hand.
There's nothing wrong with that, I don't know why I'm pointing that out.
There's no kids here, is there?
Okay, good. I didn't know how this was built or what this is.
My podcast is like, it's talking about my wiener and porn and whatever comes to mind.
Your wiener?
My wiener usually comes to mind.
Yeah, thank you so much for having us, we're here for those of you who are listening in
podcast form, we're here at, is it SuperCon?
No, it's Magic City.
I'm so sorry.
It's their seventh con this year, right?
I had one job, I could have learned the name of the fucking convention and I truly truly...
I didn't even know what Spencer was, so...
No, you nailed that. He's a grand-wizard.
Grand-wizard.
Are we going to play the KKK today?
Yeah, yeah. An exciting new special edition of Harmontown.
That might be a discomfortingly feasible this far south, I don't know.
It's going to be the only Harmontown I won't say nigger in.
Oh, Jesus.
I said I won't.
Jesus.
Yeah, I'm moving on.
We have different philosophies about the use of that word.
I only use it while freestyling in my kitchen.
Or with pet names with women.
It's true, I'll come clean about that stuff, but yeah.
For me, it's not like it's an evil word.
I don't believe in hocus pocus, like words are bad and all that stuff.
I believe in social...
I put myself in the shoes of a person of color.
I wouldn't want to be put in a position where people are always having to look to check with you.
Don't put that on me, that's why I know.
I just hate black people.
I wish I didn't because they're great.
They're amazing people, but I can't open.
Maybe we'll have one up later and we'll try to get you through this.
I would love to learn.
I'm always open to things. I'm open.
I kind of thought this will be easy because these are my people.
But I'm just realizing now I got nothing.
Seriously, I really have nothing because where's my...
What did you say, sir?
Sorry, can I say it again?
Where's Ty?
Ty, you're talking about Ty...
Ty Brigston, the world's smallest show promoter.
It's a little character that we did on the show once.
I don't know if you ever talked about this, but remember when I was talking about giving a transvestite a blowjob?
Yes, I did talk about that.
But I will say I listened to the recording and I did a bad job of relaying what the humor of it was.
I was talking about blowing this and I didn't know if it was a guy or a girl.
I said I don't want to be Archie Bunker here.
Well, talking about making love to a transgender person.
Which is funny.
And then you did a funny Archie Bunker imitation.
Geez, a meathead.
Yeah, I did it off of them too. They didn't like it.
They're young and they're like, first of all, what is Archie Bunker?
Second of all, you're transphobic.
Not to you, it's funny and ironic because you think you're not, but to us you are.
And I'm like, well...
I'm trying to perform for the kids.
Yeah, no, they keep getting younger.
Or no, they stay the same age and we keep getting older.
No, I don't, where's my notes?
We drove into, what do you call it, Miami.
Today, we wanted to listen to the Will Smith song.
He made a whole...
He made a rapping song about Miami.
He's a good rapper that Will Smith. I think he really...
He should have stuck with that. I don't know what happened.
He's a talented person.
Yeah.
I hear he's great.
I don't like him.
You guys may be too young to remember this, but he was on Barbara Walters once.
Like on the heels of Independence Day, it's like, Will Smith, taking over the world by storm.
I'm sitting with him now.
I think in the interview, she's like, so you have an interesting theory about AIDS.
And he's like, oh, yeah, yeah.
She's like, tell it to us.
She's just like, stringing them out, stringing them along.
And he's like, well, it's...
You know, you can't tell me that that disease was not created by the government.
And she's like, really?
I think a lot of people can tell you that.
But he just like, he went for it.
He's one of the only people that I could think of.
Because like, Beck, his parents are Scientologists.
And he's just being respectful.
Like, I'm sure you guys are big fans of...
Judaism.
Everyone's like, who isn't a big fan?
Even if by proxy through, it's sequel.
A Christianity.
But...
No, who's the guy that we lost the Hugo Award to?
He's the Josh Wheaton of sci-fi.
So is Josh Wheaton.
Neil Gaiman.
Neil Gaiman is a...
I really actually...
Because I had heard he's a Scientologist.
I was actually really touched by looking into it.
Yeah, well, he's not...
His parents are...
Listen, hold up. Just let him talk.
Yeah, Dan, let him talk.
His parents are, and he's respectful of the...
It's like the same way I'm Lutheran, which I am not.
How do you be Lutheran or not?
Like, it's like I don't...
My parents are Lutheran.
I thought that was sweet.
There's a lot of people like that.
You're like, oh, he is? I respected that person.
What do you mean they are?
And I'm not...
By the way, if there's a Scientologist in here,
I'm sure you're already offended and there's nothing I can do about that.
But I...
But I truthfully don't.
I mean, whatever.
I'm not going to explain that.
To us, like the people that pay less for religion,
like we find it funny and it's funny.
To us, but we also recognize, I'm sure,
because we're open-minded people that we shouldn't...
We don't want you to be different.
We hope you're very happy.
Anyways, Will Smith is the only famous Scientologist I know of
who I think is...
John Travolta was...
Before he auditioned for Welcome Back Clodder,
he was a Scientologist.
There's a story about him being in an acting class
in the Celebrity Center or whatever
and going, I got this...
I got an audition later today.
It's for something called Welcome Back Clodder.
And the teacher being like,
everyone, I want you to point in the direction of Paramount Studios
where Jonathan has his audition today.
And I want you to beam your UFO energies.
I was at your show and I'm a Scientologist
and you called it UFO energy.
You keep it a secret.
So I don't know what it is.
Beam your xenons over to the Paramounts.
And my point being that everybody's like,
they're in it when they're younger
and their career takes off.
But Will Smith is the one guy that was like,
he woke up, he had all the money in the world,
he had all the success.
He was like, there's still something missing.
He's like, oh, this is great.
That's notable to me.
But you, you, you...
Spencer, you...
Me.
Spencer picked...
I hope this becomes a thing for him.
Spencer picked up on this thing that Will Smith does
in all his rap.
This really confident, insincere laugh.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Will Smith always, in his raps,
he always sounds like he's jumping in through a French window
with a rose in his teeth.
Ha, ha.
And he has this, he has this rap,
because we listened to the Miami song,
and we're like, this is worse than I remember,
but...
And because Apple Music now just is sky-net
and just keeps playing.
It started playing all these Will Smith songs,
and we heard this, this rap called, it's a freak,
I'm a freak, I'm gonna freak.
I'm gonna get freaky or...
Freakin' it?
Freakin' it.
He comes at the concept of freaking it.
So many different angles.
His refrain is just him over,
he says a million different things about freaking it,
like, like, like, like, he goes like,
you all don't mind if I start freaking it?
But, and he's like, I don't care,
I don't care what you want, I'm gonna freaking it.
And then he's like,
hey, who here wants me to start freaking it?
He's like, what do you weigh?
Are you a populist or an elitist?
I don't understand.
I was like, did you care who's listening?
Or did you, you're acting all like, like, like detached?
But then, you know, it's like,
he just keeps saying all these different things,
and you can't pin him down in a position,
and you don't even know what fre...
He never starts freaking it, as far as we know.
He just, haha.
But he, in this rap,
he alludes to the fact,
he goes like, yeah, and I, I, I...
He doesn't rap like that.
He said a rap.
It's Christian Bale in the big short.
That's my, my, my, uh, camera.
The, um, uh, he goes, uh,
I, I, I even, I even read in the paper
that somebody said I was soft.
Yeah.
Like, Microsoft.
Microsoft.
Which is, it's a soft rhyme,
and it's rhyming soft with soft,
so it's not a compelling argument, either way.
And he thinks Microsoft is hard.
Yeah.
And...
A software company.
And Micro means small.
Like, if the company was mega soft.
Like, like, like, like, a little bit.
Like, you'd be like, okay, I guess he's like, kind of...
Like, you think I'm flaccid.
I also have a little penis.
Yeah.
Flaccid.
More like, more like,
uh, Lake Placid.
Haha.
Like, it's one of our most erect lakes.
Anyone who uses the term freaky, by the way, is not freaky.
You know, like, that song, Super Freak.
Yeah.
You know how he describes freaky?
She's a very sexy girl.
Incense wine and candles?
Haha.
That's...
You don't know what freaky is.
That's Playboy massage freaky.
Yeah.
That's, uh, oh, yeah, yeah.
Hugh Hefner is selling the Playboy mansion.
Oh, right.
I'm in it, though.
Yeah.
Did you guys hear about that?
You can buy his...
You can buy the Playboy mansion for $200 million.
There's a...
But you have to live with him.
You're buying a nursing home that you have to work at.
Yeah, yeah.
I want someone to...
I want, like, a millionaire to buy it and just put it in, like, a big glass dome.
Just like, this is...
This is Hugh Hefner.
I want to know, like, once he...
Like, if I had $200 million, I'd be like, what...
Can I do anything I want with his corpse?
Like, after he dies?
Like, is it like...
Is it like Sunset Boulevard?
Like, I said, did you move in and, like, he's just in one bedroom and, like, you bring up
soup and leave it outside the door?
Well, I think he can feed himself, but he gets the whole...
He gets the whole place.
Like, you can't say, you stay up here, I'll take the bottom floor.
No, he's cruising into your bathroom and, like, he's doing all the stuff.
And I think it also includes, like, some of his girlfriends, too.
They're going to be living with you.
Which is kind of, you know, that's classic comedy.
You guys read the description, there was the whistleblower young lady who described what
it...
Finally, after, like, 60 years of, like, oh, Hugh Hefner, does he...
Does he have sex with all those women?
And there's finally, like, there's this woman that just...
She just laid it out.
She's, like, a typical knight in Hugh Hefner's house if you're one of these, like, playmates
that's allowed to live in a house.
It sounded so fucking horrible.
Like, there was, like, a...
Because there's, like, a hierarchy, like, there's, like, a slightly...
The girl with seniority is kind of, like, indoctrinating the younger women.
And it's, like, you just go in his room and he's watching porn and then you have to do
the stuff and...
I mean, I'm all for the porn part.
I just, like, the idea that, like...
I mean, what...
Anyways, I was at the Playboy Mansion.
It smells like mildew.
It's a...
Yeah, how much are they selling it for?
Because whatever you're selling it for, you're going to have to pay that much just to clean
out the hot tub.
Yeah.
Right?
It's disgusting.
I already told them the podcast, the story.
I was at the Playboy Mansion for its 50th anniversary.
The magazine's 15th anniversary.
My encounter...
My and Rob Schrobb encountering David Hasselhoff.
We...
We go...
Now I'm going to tell it again.
I haven't told you...
What number...
What number is it?
I'll listen later.
No, I don't know the story.
I just took that story.
I don't care.
I just love going through it because it's, like...
It was just so odd.
I was just, like...
We got, like...
There's David Hasselhoff.
I...
I think it's okay to say that.
The...
I mean, for me it is.
I don't know.
It's Rob.
Rob gets high and he's directing Lego Town.
You're high on incest.
The...
But we were, like...
And we were, like...
Oh, my God.
David Hasselhoff.
And I was, like...
Yeah, but let's not bug him.
And Rob's, like...
It's the Playboy Mansion.
Everyone's bugged by each other.
Like, it's, like...
It's, like, corniest place.
And, like, we'll always wonder what would happen.
Let's go...
We got to talk to Knight Rider.
And, like...
And we go up to him and we...
And then he's, like, nine feet tall.
And we go, like...
We go, like, hey, we made a pilot.
It was based on you.
That's what Rob said.
He's talking about Heat Vision and Jack.
And, uh...
Which had a talking motorcycle on it.
It was very much...
It was inspired by Knight Rider.
And...
And Hasselhoff goes, like...
What?
Really?
Uh...
Yeah.
It was inspired by Knight Rider.
So it's, like...
It's, like...
It's a valentine to you.
And he's, like...
Who directed that?
And we go, Ben Stiller.
And he goes, like...
Oh, what else did he do?
And Rob goes, Zoolander.
And David Hasselhoff goes, Zoolander's based on me?
And I swear to God, I would be the first to self-deprecate.
But I'm not exaggerating this.
There was a three-second pause and Rob and I in unison went, yes.
I walked away.
Because we had gotten everything we would get.
But I said, I picture him going home and watching Zoolander.
Calling his lawyer.
It is.
Have you seen this?
And he's, like...
I don't know what you're talking about, David.
No, it's clear.
Once you point it out, it's obvious.
He's telling that story on his podcast in Germany or whatever.
I'm in Zoolander!
I had to make a tinkle before I came on stage and Dustin Marshall,
our producer here from Ferrell Audio, he...
He chickened upon himself.
We won't go to find the bathroom together.
We had to walk through a lot of stuff.
It was a long way.
There were a couple of elevator rides.
It's a long journey to find the bathroom.
There's a bathroom right through that wall.
Like right there.
Yeah, but there's no door.
We eventually found it.
We walked in and there was just like...
There was just like four urinals along the wall.
Dustin was like, whoa, it's like P city in here.
It's like we had found the National Treasure vault.
It's a P city.
That reminds me, I walked into the bathroom once and there was a janitor.
He's like, ah, fuck!
I said, what's the matter?
He's like, it smells like shit and piss in here.
You're a janitor in a toilet.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
People who are shocked at their job time, we had this weird flight delay today.
We got an airplane at LAX and I'm going to round the numbers off here.
I don't know the exact ones, but it's like basically four hours from Miami.
But we were in the air and I guess I was asleep and so was the guy next to me.
Oh, so first of all, sorry, let me start at the beginning,
because I had a terrible day today.
First class American Airlines, the worst.
Sorry.
No, no, no, I'm not going to complain more about airlines.
These things happened on a plane.
I'm the bad guy in most of it.
I get on the plane and I'm like, my ticket says 5B.
And I look and it says aisle.
And there's a guy that's kind of like, he's got, I see on his ticket,
oh, I'm sorry, it says 5B on his ticket.
Why is that important?
Because someone's going to fact check it and go, if you were in 5B,
you weren't in the aisle.
I won't blame you.
I have the same neurological disorder.
You do.
I just don't.
He's talking to himself, folks.
But he's like, I can see on his ticket that it says 5B,
so I know he's sitting in that aisle and I'm 5A.
But he's like, he's talking to some lady that's like a row ahead.
And he, but he's going like, oh, I don't, I don't know.
I'm in the window or whatever.
And I'm like thinking in my head, I don't care if you don't like the window.
You're not going to pull one of these things.
Like I'm just thinking that in my head.
And he's like, I don't know.
It says I'm 5A, but I said it's the window.
I pointed at the diagram.
I said there's a drawing of a guy in a window next to his head.
And there's no confusion lately.
And then he starts sitting down.
But then it turns out the lady in the row ahead, she's like,
it becomes clear that they're a couple and they're traveling together.
And she's like, I don't know why they would sit me up here.
And I said, oh, do you want to switch seats?
And she's like, you would do that for us?
I said, well, of course.
I mean, you know, like what, what, what, yeah, you guys sit there.
And she's like, which, thank you, thank you very much.
I've not since 9-11 has the bravery been acknowledged.
It's God, it's God said that I was starting to get a little pissed off
that people didn't applaud.
Thank you for, for, you know, it's like they're selfish people.
They don't, they don't know heroism when they hear about it.
Because that was the end of my story.
Because they didn't applaud, I was going to start making shit up
because I was embarrassed for you.
No, I go, I'll switch seats with you.
And I, but I specifically said, I said, so this is your seat, right?
And I point at 4B, which is the window.
I'm sorry, I keep switching these letters around, but it's at 4B.
And she said, yes, that's my seat.
And I go, okay, because obviously I wouldn't want to, you know,
screw with whoever else is sitting or whatever.
But it's like, oh, thank you so much.
So she sits there in 5A next to her husband in 5B.
And I go into 4B.
And there's like cookie packages and shit.
I just start like throwing shit around.
I've got, you know, it's my home now.
I installed a ceiling fan.
If I could, there's a pillow.
I drew a face on it and fucked it.
Like I threw it out the window of the plane and like, like, like,
like rubbed my butt all over the seat to make it nice and warm.
And then this couple comes out and they look at me and they're just like,
like, they have this look on their face.
Like, what is this homeless Kevin Smith?
Like, and they're like, and I'm like, and I know the look.
And so I turn to the woman behind me and I go, did you give me someone else's seat?
Really accusing.
I did not rise above it at all.
And she was like, oh, I'm sorry.
Well, I don't, she holds up her ticket.
It says 3B.
What are you, how are you?
If you had a whole conversation, yes.
Thank you.
I think you're applauding maybe her, but...
I think that person has an OCD thing.
I don't think they're applauding for you.
They're flapping as I was talking about.
You're stimming, you're stimming.
There was no connection to anything good.
Sorry, what's that?
Tourette's.
Tourette's, yes.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I asked what you said.
Maybe it's possible in a strange way.
You have Tourette's.
Sounds like you have Tourette's.
He has meta Tourette's.
He just shouts the word Tourette's out.
He has Tourette's.
Whoop, whoop, whoop.
Okay, Dan, I was at your show.
I'm a Scientologist with Tourette's, and I consider this my letter of resignation from
your fandom.
You are really offending a lot of people tonight.
I get it, I get it.
So I have to go all the way up to 3B.
The guy in 3A, this is so late in the stage.
He's thinking like, oh, shit, man, I got an empty seat next to me.
He's got socks and laundry and fucking backpacks and pretzels.
And I feel bad for him.
I feel bad for myself.
It's just a clusterfuck.
And I sit down next to him.
That's the end of that chapter of the story, but it continues.
It gets so fascinating.
So me and this gentleman, we fall asleep together, like next to each other on the plane.
At some point.
So at some point during the flight, like, we missed them saying, ladies and gentlemen,
it's so foggy in Miami that we're landing in Orlando.
We both missed that announcement and just woke up at some point, and we're descending
on this city, and he's looking out the window, and he starts going, he goes, that's not Miami.
And I'm like, oh, yeah?
Check, please.
And I was like, what do you mean?
And he's like, I'm serious.
That's not Miami.
And I swear to God, I'm so embarrassed, obviously this ends with my comeuppance, but I was
like so, I was riding this high.
I was like, it's so patronizing to him.
I was like, I think, you know, you get in a metal tube, and it goes like this for a while.
And I think it always ends up in the city you bought the ticket to.
It's my experience with air travel.
And he's like, I'm from Miami, that is not Miami.
I said, it's a bunch of glowing lights.
It's a grid of roofs.
I mean, maybe you have city blindness.
To me, it looks like it could be Miami, it could be Copenhagen.
I don't judge by this distance.
Like you said, you wouldn't know LA.
I'm like, guys kind of chuckling, because I want to make it clear.
I'm really busting the guy's balls.
And I'm like, let's you and I, we'll land the plane, we'll get out very carefully, we'll
peek out, we'll find a newspaper.
And he's not laughing anymore, because he's like, I'm serious.
I'm from Miami.
That's not Miami.
I'm like, okay, okay, okay.
So then the crazy thing is, because they already told everybody, but we were asleep, they
don't then say, okay, like the plane lands in this city, and they still haven't said,
they said it before, so they don't say it again.
They just like land, and then they're like, okay, just hold on.
We'll get everybody where they're going as soon as the problem's over.
What's happening?
After 20 minutes, a guy walks up with his luggage to the front of the plane, and he's
like, I'm getting out.
I want to get out of the plane.
You can't get out of the plane.
You can't.
If you get out of the plane, you're in the wrong place.
I'm like, what the hell, are we on the tar?
I see the tube is connected, the thingy, and he's like, I have a right to get off the plane.
I will get a cab, and she's like, okay, but you have to just hold on a second, and she
gets on the thing, and she goes, ladies and gentlemen, there are people that are wanting
to get off the plane, and it's their right to do so, but it's not a good idea if you
do get off the plane, and I don't recommend it.
Don't go far.
I'm like, what the fuck is happening?
Is this like Langoliers?
Don't go far.
Did a terrorist attack happen?
It's Earth.
What do you mean, don't go far?
What if I have family?
We're in Miami, aren't we?
And then I was like, finally, they never said the word Orlando, and then, oh, so that guy,
so she finishes shaming that guy, and then she's like, she goes, I reckon we're going
to turn out the lights, and everybody should take a nap.
That's what she said.
It's like a Jonestown thing is happening, and then I said, then 28 seconds after that,
based on some visual cue, I don't know if some guy out the window was like, made like
a base stealing gesture or something.
She gets back in the fight.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, everybody get off the plane and don't go far.
She's like, why are you still on the plane?
Get off the plane.
She started yelling at us for being on the plane.
Why are you napping?
Get off.
But don't go far.
And I got up and I put on my backpack, and I said, I don't think this is Miami.
And the guy's like, I know.
And we went out and it was Orlando.
And I bought a bunch of salmon stuff.
Yeah, thank you.
Thanks, guys.
That's when you applaud.
Yeah.
But there was a lady, we went to a sandwich restaurant, and the woman at the sandwich
restaurant was confused and frustrated.
She couldn't believe when she got up that morning to work at her airport sandwich store.
But she's like, what she was saying was, next, what do you, what, what, what?
I'll have, can I have a breakfast sandwich?
We have ham and cheese and sausage eggs.
I said, I'll have ham, egg and bacon.
We have ham and cheese.
We have bacon.
I fucked up.
I was like, I'll have that one.
And she's like, the unspoken part of her statement was like, how can this be happening to me?
How can a plane land next to my sandwich counter?
And all of these hungry people are just lining up and wanting sandwiches.
I come here to read.
And I stole a bag of Doritos.
Yeah.
I knew you guys would get that.
In LA, they'd boo that.
Fucking, Miami style.
Miami style.
This place invented vice.
And then I fucked a baby.
And then I fed it to, do you have crocodiles or alligators?
Yeah.
You know what, it was an alligator.
But I sharpened its nose and turned it into a crocodile.
I don't give a shit.
I stole a bag of Doritos. I grabbed it, I opened it and just started eating it. I went up to
the counter. I waited for her to charge me for it. I was like, I'll have a sandwich. I was like,
I'm stealing Doritos and I stole it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, whatever you guys are saying.
Turrets! All right, Will Smith, that shit. There was one other thing I swear to God.
Thanks, Steve. That's Steve. Steve once. He drives down. Steve rented a car and we, well,
that's the weird thing. There's nothing funny about this, but I just find it incredibly ironic
that we got, it's a four hour flight from LA to Miami and we were then four hours from Miami
by car. So had we stayed home until the fog lifted, we could have just, oh, are you guys okay?
Oh, did Sherlock Holmes come out? Is Jack the Ripper here? How could you hear each other
over the fog horns? It must have been so foggy. I don't know why. If it's too foggy for the
land, I don't know why it wasn't a big deal. Yeah, other planes landed in that timeframe,
I think. He saw it. I will say, though, that's the one thing I won't complain about, though,
as far as like an airline. If they're scared to land, even if it means because they think
they suck, like, I can't do fog, man. I can't do it. I'm like, don't do it, Steven. This
isn't time to, I don't want to be part of your fucking coming of age story. Just land in Orlando
and go back to flight school and just avoid London. Yeah, I want that guy in flight that
turned the plane upside down on cocaine. Yeah, who was that guy? Yes, it was Denzel Washington.
We like that flight movie. No, there was something else. God damn it. There was something
else. Shit. Fuck. I mean, it was a doozy. Turrets. Dinosaur? Did you just say dinosaur?
What did you say? Oh, yeah, you forgot how we stopped at that amusement park. I got chased
by dinosaurs. No, I did not forget. It was a real keeper. I texted you guys, I was wondering
where you were, and Steve texted me the name of the place, and I thought he was joking.
What was the name of that place? Yeehaw. I'm like, come on, come on, Steve. I want to
know where you guys are. Yeehaw. Yeah, we were in Yeehaw. It was great. It had like a truck
stop slash crunchy crispy chicken. What was that place called? It's a great combination
of businesses. I'll tell you that. Can I get a Will Smith insincere confident laugh?
It was a great set of businesses. Ha ha ha ha. You know, he really committed to wrapping
clean, especially in that freaking it. I don't know if you guys know this, but freaking it
is a euphemism for fucking it. But he specifies like, I dare you to make a verse without a
curse. Like me, I'm Microsoft. Ha ha ha ha. Or like whatever. Yeah, he was pre-rape
Cosby-ing the listener. Before he was that kind of monster, we have now forgotten that
Cosby was a fan of high-roading. Yeah, he was a famous high-roader when it came to language.
Oh, yeah, and also pants pulling up, right? Yeah, no, he didn't like any of that nonsense.
It's not sophisticated. He liked pulling pants down, right? Yes, he did. Ha ha ha ha.
Any Cosby's here? Because you guys seem a little offended by the idea of berating that
guy for victimizing people. Ha ha ha ha. Be fair to him. All right. Yeah, someone said
Cosplay is a joke. It's a funny joke. What if you're Cosplaying Cosby? What is that?
It's Bill Cosplay. That's far too much credit. I was just filling in while you were looking
at your notes. I don't know why I keep pulling out because I clearly lost my notes, but I
keep pulling out the phone like it's like a life preserver. Let's get a...
We should get a rick. We don't have a lot of... There's a lot of ricks in the audience.
Oh, yeah? Well, yeah, there's ricks. Lots of ricks. Let's do a rick parade.
I did a signing today. There's a gazurpazurp field. Do you want to come up and show your
gazurpazurpazurp? Are you shy? You can be shy if you want. It's your right. Stand, get
up on the stage. Get her some darn enchiladas. You're the girl with the weird tattoos, right?
What's your name? You can just call me Grass.
Oh, Grass, yeah. Yeah, you have a very pretty name. Can I say it? Grassiella.
Yeah, it's Graciella. You had me draw a thing on a piece of paper and you said you were
going to go get it as a tattoo. So I did a heart and just... Dan Harmon, yeah.
Dan Harmon in the heart with an arrow going through it. And so that your boyfriend...
Every time you... Girlfriend. Girlfriend. How did I not allow for that? After all of my
experience as an LA, I'm coming out here and I'm just being a big heteronormative pig.
Just bullying through your china shop. You're straight, right? You fucking straight person.
I've learned nothing. 43. So you're in a relationship now, but my idea was that
later on, if you ever were... Not that this won't last forever. But that someone would be
like, who's Dan Harmon? I just thought it would be funny.
You might as well just have written laser here.
Okay, Graciella. Can we ask you some questions just to know you?
Yeah, yeah, this is so surreal. What are some of your weird tattoos?
All right, so I have a little pretzel behind my ear.
She's got a little pretzel behind her ear.
And I also have a little fish here because it's only like $13.
And both of those are lesbian code, right?
A little bit, yeah.
Pretzel behind the ear.
Message received.
Fish ankle, eh? I read you loud and clear.
What do you do for a living?
I sell health insurance.
Aw, you're so sad about it. You want to be an astronaut?
That's a joke with all my friends because they always talk about my job,
because I work like 13 hours a day sometimes.
Is it fulfilling?
I get a lot of money.
Yeah.
Do you think you're kind of a workaholic?
No, because I really don't like working.
Well, I don't either, but I kind of like define myself by my work.
But you're just doing it for the money. You're trying to build up a nest egg
and you get a little retirement plan going at the age of 11 or whatever you are.
Are you working hard because do you have an extravagant lifestyle?
And you're like, I want more money, so I can go to the pretzel ear strip club.
I just smoke a lot of weed, that's for me.
How are the police here about weed?
Like if you get pulled over and there's a...
I think it's just...
I've just been really paranoid, so I haven't been interacting with police much.
I forgot to ask you, are you from here in Florida?
Yeah, Fort Lauderdale.
Is that where they keep all the gold?
I have no idea.
I've never seen gold.
Fort Ramfort.
I have more questions.
Can you use health insurance to remove tattoos?
No, because it's an elective surgery.
Okay.
Where are you going to get the tattoo? They want to know.
No, they mean like on third and...
You're going to get a heart with my name on it on this side of your thigh?
Oh, I thought you said thyroid.
That's a weird place.
Don't tattoo your thyroid.
Your eyes will bug out.
You'll never be able to drink coffee.
I'm just basing that on my mom.
She has a thyroid, she has Graves Disorder.
You don't care, you didn't say thyroid.
Just tell me.
Alright, health insurance.
You seem young enough, I can ask how old you are, right?
I just turned 20 in November.
Oh, you're a little baby.
Look at the baby arms on red.
You're not even allowed to drink technically.
That's why you're such a stoner.
Yeah, honestly.
Who else is that young in here?
That's cool.
Wait, it's cool because...
I expected more.
I think that's really interesting how mature our audience is.
Ha ha.
Who's the oldest here? I bet I am.
Who thinks they're the oldest person in this audience?
This guy's standing up.
How old are you?
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
How old are you?
Oh, shit, 53?
Who can be 53?
Wait, who's 53? This guy.
Ah, fuck.
Fuckin' grandpa.
Go fuck yourself.
Go fuck your grandma.
Time for bed, old man.
Do you have any desire to come up here and introduce yourself
and let us ask old people questions?
Yeah, I want to know because...
Gracie, do you...
Let's have a hand for Gracie.
We'll start.
This is a fucking nightmare because he looks younger than me.
Oh, he does...
Yeah, he does like handsome for things that are just listening.
I didn't say handsomer.
Oh, here.
Why don't you have a seat?
When did the pain start?
For me, it literally was my birthday.
Like, I couldn't walk more than like three blocks.
And now my arm, my shoulder...
Yeah, you get those pains right down your side.
Oh, it's terrible.
And do they ever get better? You're my future.
Your hair gets longer.
Yeah, I can't wait until my hair gets grayer, I gotta say,
because I got this, it looks like a toupee up here.
So what does an old bastard like yourself get out of a
Young Whipper Snappers podcast like this?
It just reminds me of my youth.
Back in the glory days of being 43 and...
Exactly.
I only have sciatica.
It's like driving with the top down, baby.
When did you get a kidney stone?
Kid... Oh, no.
Okay, let's talk about the kidney stone.
Wait, you had one? How old were you?
I had one, my first one was 16.
Oh, I'm way past that.
Did you just drink a lot of milk?
What is it that you don't drink enough water?
It's calcium.
But I stopped drinking milk, but I still got them.
I feel like I'm just...
I'm gonna have...
One day I'm gonna go, oh, that was a kidney stone
and I'm never gonna stop having them because I never drink water.
I think vodka kills kidney stones.
Oh, that's good, good to know.
I'm no doctor.
I feel like the inside of my kidneys
is just like this like crazy like Narnia,
like winter wonderland
of like white stalagmites and stalagmites.
Dark issue.
Just waiting to like for the first one to crumble.
And so like...
But we'll get Percocet when we get the kidney stones.
Just walk us through my worst nightmare.
Well, my worst...
I have lots of bad nightmares,
but this is one of my...
This is like because it's just so definite
that it's gonna happen and it's like...
I don't want to hear it.
Like what is the first thing that happens?
Is it like a pain in your side or...
You start sweating on your upper lip.
You look like Richard Nixon.
And you start sweating like a dog.
That's the worst part.
I do.
Fuckin' Richard Nixon.
Not one of our better looking presidents.
That's interesting.
Okay, I have never heard that.
Jesus, here it comes.
Right down into your balls.
It's just like somebody's squeezing men of ice.
Hey, this doesn't sound too bad.
Yeah.
You pay somebody extra.
You really wish somebody would just hit you in the side
with a baseball bat to get the pain to go away.
But that would hurt more.
No, it doesn't.
Can you just take the drugs and write it out?
No.
There's two kinds of pain with it.
The cutting, which is the little tiny bone
cutting through your body.
Oh.
And then when it can't move anymore, the urine backs up
and then that pain hurts like a mother fuck.
You cannot believe it.
And you can't get comfortable.
There's no place to, like, get comfortable at all.
Oh.
Yeah, that's exactly...
Yes, I wanted to...
Yeah, apple cider.
Do you need some of the glass?
Yeah, I mean, sure.
I understand.
Even me? I would love to go.
Thank you. I asked you to share it.
I wanted to confront it.
I have a morbid fascination.
I have people up all the time that have, like, different...
Oh, there was a kid. Hey, is that kid here today
at the show?
The kid with the tracheotomy?
Are you in the audience? No.
He wasn't a fan. Okay.
There was a kid that came to the Rick and Morty signing
and he had a hole
in his...
It was a tracheotomy and he had, like,
a little plastic plug in it.
And I was like, what's going on?
What happened? And I can't remember now
the name of the disorder, but he had it when he was...
He said...
I stopped breathing in my sleep,
like sleep apnea, but, like, way worse.
And I said...
How...
How long have you had it?
He said, since I was three months old...
Wow.
How do you survive as a baby?
If...
He must be the luckiest guy in the world.
Like, how many three-month-old kids
like...
He has to have been a first child,
because when you have your first kid,
you're all... His eyes are moving.
No, that's good.
It means a word.
Like, wow, what a...
What a lucky son of a bitch
that fucking whole throat was.
He is here.
He's just afraid to talk.
But, yeah, he was...
He was... I don't know.
I have a fascination with this stuff,
because I feel like such a...
I feel like if I get sick, if anything bad happens
to me, I feel like I've been so lucky,
and I don't have any faith in myself
to handle it with any kind of a plum.
I feel like I'll just...
You're going to be a baby.
I'm going to make it everyone's problem.
But I don't want to. I don't want to do that.
I want to be one of those people that keeps their...
You're that guy.
I don't want to do that.
We'll deal with it.
I don't want anyone to deal with it.
I can't wait to deal with it.
I'm joking.
Well, let's practice.
Let's do like a role-playing.
I hope this isn't how you get the disease.
I'm not going to hit him properly.
I feel like if God's listening, he's like,
oh, you thought that was hilarious,
that bit where you pretended to be dying.
Let's just say I have like a...
Just give me an illness foot.
Well, chance cancer is...
Okay, that's the time.
Jesus.
Foot.
Okay.
Wait, hold on.
Sorry.
Stop.
Muscular dystrophy.
That's a nice specific.
Okay.
I just want to practice this.
Dino, I just got back from the doctor
and I have muscular dystrophy.
That?
The Jerry Lewis disease?
Yeah.
It's fucked up.
Kids get that.
What took you so long?
The fuck?
Whatever.
See you in the hospital.
Well, that's not so bad.
Yeah.
I guess...
At least it's muscular.
Yeah.
You don't have muscles.
Sounds macho.
I'll find the humor in it.
As long as there's zero pain
or discomfort involved,
and I live forever,
I'll handle it perfectly.
I didn't get your name.
Rick.
A name that I made famous.
Let's see.
Rick, what do you do?
I'm a video editor.
You're a video editor?
He's a final cutter avid.
Avid mostly.
Sony Vegas avid.
Do you ever touch the mouse?
Or are you badass?
I'm badass.
Mouses were pussy.
Yeah.
Not for their pretzel ear friends
in the audience.
Yeah.
Pussy like delicious.
Final cut is like
editing with boxing gloves on.
Yeah.
Do you cut actors' reels?
Sometimes.
After the show,
if you could just cut a good
three minutes for me.
Communities over.
I got nothing.
Nice.
Where do you live?
Ohio.
You've made a whole pilgrimage here.
Do you go to a lot of conventions?
I go to a few.
Do you go to San Diego?
No, too big.
It's become too corporate.
Oren like me can't keep.
You gotta walk so much.
Yeah.
I'm part of the problem.
Our sitcom should be here,
but that was the problem.
It became like can for nerds.
And then became a can,
regular can.
And people are just like
cattle prodding.
What is this, a picture book?
Get out of here.
Bruce Willis is coming through.
Why do I start
sentences?
What was I going to say?
How far can you walk without it
hurting?
This is interesting.
Half a mile.
You're in pretty good shape.
Do you have family?
One left, yeah.
One left?
One family member?
Dad died in October.
Mom is on her last list.
Because you're so old,
we immediately pictured dead children.
Are you a farmer from the 1800s?
One left.
Jesus.
Only half are going to get out of here.
Yeah, you got to have 30 to get
two crops.
I don't know how to do a farmer.
When you said, oh mom and dad,
this guy is my hero,
you made it all the way to 53,
and you're just like me,
you're like a man child.
I got a vasectomy when I was 21.
God, you love pain down there.
Oh, I do.
I'm not sure for that.
We got to talk.
You knew at 21,
definitely never going to have a need for...
I was dating a 42 year old woman,
and she said,
you want to throw that shit around,
you better get a vasectomy.
You mean your dick?
The sperm.
What do you do with it?
You throw it around?
I thought if you threw it around,
you couldn't get any...
You pay extra for that.
You're like a monkey.
It's like serpent in the rainbow.
He blows it in their face.
It's really romantic.
Don't let them bury me.
He does it very romantically.
Nothing law clear,
swears by that.
All right.
So 21 years old,
that's an interesting story,
because your girlfriend at the time
was...
Am I wrong,
or is this offensive to assume
the reason she was particularly...
Because it's actually dangerous.
She's like, I don't want to have kids.
Did she already have kids?
Her son was my best friend in high school.
This guy is
the James Bond of Comic-Con.
Standing ovation, everyone.
Standing ovation.
Now, we want to make sure
we would all do that
if the genders were reversed, right?
If a young woman were up here,
I ran through that test
on my head.
I would still...
Crush that dick, honey.
No.
Crush that old
dad of your friend's dick.
Poison Ivy, that shit.
Not the Poison Ivy that half of those people
are dressed as out there.
The movie with the...
Which one was...
There were two that came at the same time, Poison Ivy,
and then there was...
Drew Barrymore, was she Poison Ivy?
Uma Thurman was...
No, you guys, stop that.
Are you serious? You're that young.
There was a movie about...
Will everyone in the audience
please come up here and grab a mic?
All right.
Let's have a hand for Rick and...
Rick!
Thank you very much.
Thank you for sharing your...
your...
I like that he earned it, too.
Like, if we got that information
on the wrong order,
we would have been like, who are you trying to impress?
But he's like, look.
Sometimes ninja stars made of calcium
come out of my dick and it hurts.
I gotta have a sec to me.
I live with my parents.
I don't think...
I fucked my friend's mom in high school!
We were rooting for him at that point.
Yeah.
I want to clear up a misconception.
He was 21 when he had sex with that woman.
This was out of high school.
They were friends in high school,
but this was, you know, after high school.
It's not quite as cool.
Well, it's actually...
It's really cool.
Don't get me wrong, it's really cool,
guy, yeah.
It's not as dramatic.
It's arguably a little healthier,
because you know...
A lot of people don't know this,
but Spencer is Rick's biographer.
Yeah.
It just so happens,
he's the oldest guy here.
Yeah, no one asked me any questions
about his kidney stones.
You were very suspiciously quiet during that interview.
Do we have any beats?
Do you have any rap beats?
Wait, really?
I thought Dustin had some beats.
He's getting them, he's getting them.
Oh, sorry, I only saw Steve Levy.
This is where I take a pee break, right?
Yeah, go ahead.
Yo.
Ha-ha.
Yeah, do the ha-ha.
Give it to him.
Give it to him, man.
Yo.
Ha-ha.
M to the A-M-I.
Did I spell that right?
M to the I to the A-M-I.
I fucked your mama so hard
that she started to cry,
but it wasn't, it was from joy.
Yo.
Yo. Yo.
The peninsula of this state
is shaped like my wiener.
When I go on a date,
I like to dip it in the ocean
and whip it around.
I'm like, Rick.
Who was up here before?
All right.
Starting over, starting over.
Yeah.
Yo. Yo.
Yo. Yo. Yo.
Give it to him.
Batman's and Pikachu's.
Kamikaz.
With the Jews.
I'm assuming they're here, too.
It doesn't, but it's not related.
I'm going to start over.
Yo.
Yo. Yo. Yo.
Magic airport convention hall.
I fucked your mama and she was appalled.
She said, holy shit,
you gave it to me good.
I went in the basement
and worked with some wood.
I built her a rocking chair.
I built her a sled.
I built her a doghouse.
I built her a bed.
And a shed in the bed.
Most people put a bed in a shed,
but I put a shed
inside the bed
and I got inside
and I fucked the shed.
And then your mama was dead,
but I didn't do it.
I was framed.
Yo.
Oh, God.
Where did you go?
I went to pee.
I really rushed.
I zipped up too quickly.
Come down on your podium.
Oh, man.
One time I was at the beach
and I got knocked over by a wave
and it took my pants off
and I had to pull them on
and it turned out the zipper was down
so I pulled up my zipper.
And yeah, that's what happened.
Yeah.
And then I was in the salt water.
No, no, no.
It was instantly disinfected
and everything was healthy from then on.
Like I just...
I'm 51.
I don't know.
I think that just might be technique
because I thought I was like 20,
but it was my technique was way off.
Having peed in one of those diapers,
I peed in a diaper in a...
I heard, yeah.
It was very brave of me.
Does it feel good?
It's amazing.
That's why it's hard to
toilet-train kids
because they love it. It's nice and warm.
But I didn't know...
I thought it would be damp or something.
It's like when you pee in the shower,
that feeling of freedom,
like you're just like...
I bet it reminds you of being in the womb
because you probably just pee in your mom.
I don't think you pee in the womb.
Yeah, what does happen in there?
For sure you pee.
I think the umbilical cord deals with the waist.
I don't think you do that.
I mean, when you are born,
it just falls out, right?
Because that would happen.
No.
It's that way you're water-breaking, yes.
It's all...
It's all fetus pee.
Fetus pee.
If you guys want to see fetus pee,
we're playing down at the...
Spencer's on bass,
and I'm a drummer,
but the lead singer. I'm like Phil Collins.
He was a singer in the 1700s.
He's like Mickey Dolan's.
Rick gets it.
Okay, all right.
So, like, wait,
I forgot, I lost my train of thought.
And boy, it was I on a train of thought.
Just give me one second.
Tourette's?
Yeah.
I'm not going to fill in for you.
I'm no Jeff Davis here.
Oh, yeah, go ahead.
Well, yeah, you should...
Is this where Jeff Davis says something funny?
Yeah, you have to help me.
If I'm flouting, you have to help.
Ask Dan a pointed question.
What were you thinking of?
I can't remember.
I was actually going to ask Spencer.
I haven't hung out with you all day.
I was wondering, did you wander around the con?
And did you have any experiences?
I got in.
I charged my phone.
I don't know. I kept using my phone while I was
supposed to be charging it, so the end result
is hilarious stuff.
No, I don't know.
I got some empanadas.
You guys like empanadas, right?
And then it came here.
Did you get the hotel empanadas?
No, no. Do they have those?
Yeah, they got slow cook lamb empanadas.
Did you think of what you're trying to think of yet?
No, that was it. I wanted to actually...
Oh, that was it? Oh, I'm sorry about yelling.
Yeah.
Is that what Jeff does? Yell at you?
No, well, he challenges me sometimes.
I don't do that.
And then when he gets drunk, sometimes he gets
inexplicably angry about things like...
Like chain zingers?
Yeah, yeah.
It was insane.
Like, he was so angry about chain zingers.
Wow.
It's kind of like hanging out with you guys.
That's why I don't listen.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, who in the audience
has a convention
kind of...
I don't know who's in pain,
but I think
Rick...
I can't do it anymore.
Like, who...
You're already raising your hand.
Crohn's disease. It's tons of fun.
I don't want to talk about your Crohn's.
I just support your Crohn's.
No, I hate your Crohn's. I don't support it.
I want to hear
a convention like encounter or story
or something that somebody...
Okay.
You want to come up, sir,
and share your...
Is it good enough to walk
up here and say it?
Woo!
Grab that mic.
What's your name, sir?
I'm Russell.
Oh, shit. I think I have something.
Oh, yeah. I actually gave Spencer
some Tito's to give to me.
Oh, that's nice. Thank you.
Why Tito's?
You know he drinks kettle.
It's the best vodka.
It's made in copper
kettles and it's
from Texas.
I'm flustered, so...
It's Indy.
Yeah, it's from Austin,
so it's Indy. It's made by
people who make yogurt and typewriters.
You know he's going to throw it away.
He's just going to throw it away.
No, that's not true.
You like Tito's, right?
What are you holding there?
Are you a vaping?
Oh, yeah. It's an oil pen.
It has some hash oil in it.
Sorry, I'm still holding it.
I should be holding it right now.
So, what's your convention story?
I actually went to the bathroom
to go wash my hands and there was
somebody in a very extensive
gender swap costume,
cosplay, sorry, and
take a double take at the door
sign and
make sure that I wasn't in the
female's bathroom with a female
that had her boyfriend in the bathroom
with her.
Yeah, I just thought
there was a female in the bathroom
and it just turned out to be a child
in a cosplay that was a gender swap.
Tell the rest of the story.
And
I urinated in my shoe
and then I thought about Dino
and then I thought about a dominatrix
and then I came here and
I'm going to throw that tears away.
Good.
They're all judging you now because
they're like, so you encountered the modern world?
I'm starting
the lights on me and
I don't know what to say.
What do you think of like,
we should probably
at this point, we should escape
the restroom question becomes
too complicated. We should just have unisex
bathrooms, right?
Do you give an opinion about that?
I mean, when it
really comes to it, you know, in the 21st
century, you know, it shouldn't be
really what parts
you're born with. It should really be
what you identify as and what you're presenting as
and you should be able to go to the bathroom
and, you know, into
the gender that you feel that you...
Right, but do you, well, yeah, I mean, yeah,
we all know what to say that's appropriate.
No, I'm being serious.
No, I don't doubt that you believe it.
I'm just saying like, I, yeah,
I'm asking the question, given that fact,
like, should we, should
bathrooms, should we just fuse the bathrooms
or should we continue to do dichotomous
bathrooms? I don't think women would agree
with that. Women need more...
You know how much masturbating there's going to be
in bathrooms?
Biologically need to spend more
time in the bathroom. That's not like a
sexist thing, but like, apparently, for peeing, it takes
longer, like, physically.
Like, women need more access
to bathrooms than men do per
unit space in a proper
urban planning situation. Yeah, yeah.
Which is, I mean, I'm not, I'm not trying to
shit on your great idea or anything.
And also, you know how much masturbating there would be?
Be a lot of masturbating.
I mean, I mean, by me,
I just, I'm a chicken,
so if I was, like, running society, I would
just do the thing that, even if it
was an inconvenience to, like, a large group
of people, I would be like, well, I just don't want
to be doing wrong things, so let's just
do the simple thing that'll mean that no one's
ever offended or whatever. Let's merge
the bathrooms, but it's
interesting that it could be, yeah, you'd be
fucking people over in the name of, like,
making me as the mayor of this society feel
better about myself.
Because I could just pee, well,
in my pants, I found out.
Yeah, last week kind of found out you
could pee in your pants.
There was a situation, I was in New York
where it occurred to me, I was like, oh man,
at the library bar, there was
a men's room and a women's room, but they made
them both unisex, and I was like, oh man,
that, that's the best sex for the women,
because, like, that used to be the women's room,
and it's like, now it's got fucking,
because I went in there and the seat was up
and there was fucking orange pee.
You go to the drawing room where there's a
men's room and a women's room, the women's room,
great place to do coke in.
Men's room, not so good, you don't want
anything going through your nose in that place.
But maybe we need to just do, like,
tiered bathrooms, like platinum
bathroom.
All right, well, okay,
so what was the costume?
Can you tell us, are you afraid you're going to like...
I honestly really don't know, it was an anime
costume, I'm not very familiar
with anime, so...
What do you think of this Deadpool fellow?
I think the movie is going
to be, uh, receptive,
but it probably...
The movie's going to be receptive!
What a bold choice!
I mean...
It thought I was a hit!
Says Gene Shallot.
I'm truly receptive, Phil!
I'm so sorry,
I'll do anything for a laugh.
I'm jumping all over,
because I never misspeak.
Honestly, you're making my taste
really good shit, either way.
I just don't think
it's going to be
the circle jerk that everybody thinks
that's going to be.
You're saying
you don't think it's going to be
God's gift to...
Yes, it's not going to be this
Uber
Mobius
strip of meta humor
and Deadpool
and the whole X-Men thing.
I really think they're just going to try to fit in
him just acknowledging the crowd
and this little humor and this and that,
and they're really just going to not really do too much
with it today.
I don't have a full panel of a Deadpool comic,
but I've read the Wikipedia page
and I appreciate that.
I'm sure a bunch of...
From reading the description of it,
I'm like, oh, I'm sure I have a ton of fans
that are Deadpool fans
and Ryan Reynolds is a huge fan of it
and has been wanting to make the movie.
What is the...
What is the good version?
I kind of know what you're talking about.
Spencer never talked about this.
There's a bad version of meta.
Like if they do just do it sloppy and lazy,
then he just goes like, oh, it's like I'm in a movie.
It's going to be like Space Jam or something.
The...
But what's the subtle,
sophisticated...
What does he do in the comic book that is the
good version of Breaking the Fourth?
Wow, that's what I'm confused by.
To be honest, I haven't read too many.
But you're our Deadpool expert.
I brought you up here.
No.
It's the what?
Oh, sorry.
What the fuck?
Can I just stack it down?
Holy shit.
What the fuck?
Why did you just physically...
Get that guy!
Okay, I tried.
Is there security here?
Are you alright?
Jesus Christ.
Usually when people rush the stage,
nothing bad happens.
This guy's got a black eye.
Are you?
Yes, you do.
I mean, I'm not going to ask if you're okay.
I was just helping you out.
We thought this was going to be a bad show.
I'm sorry that happened to you, man.
That's really shitty.
I'm so sorry that it happened to you.
Did it hurt?
Okay, it hurt when you got punched.
I fell down in the chair.
What about punching him?
Wait, what?
Just punch this guy.
He has to be removed.
He's an insane person that hurts other people.
Jesus.
I don't understand.
I think...
Do you need...
Would you know if you needed an actual doctor?
Do you need like a...
I mean, the guy should be arrested.
Yeah, I've had a cerebral hematoma before.
So I know what a concussion
and what blood
what blood in your brain feels like.
I mean, we should have hooked on to that guy.
Welcome to my army, bitch!
Ha ha ha ha!
So what...
In what spirit was that just said?
Do you think it's funny that he was physically assaulted?
I think he was just trying to be funny.
No, you're not invited up here.
Please forgive us for not wanting you
to run up on stage.
I think that was somebody I knew.
Yes.
You know...
This wasn't a planned thing.
I hope not.
That would be really a bad plan.
You can explain.
I'm going to cater to his comfort right now.
Wait, really?
Do you want to press charges?
You won't press charges?
And this wasn't planned?
No!
I don't think this was planned.
It's going to shine up.
I mean, I've had my nose broken
by a belligerent driver before.
So again, it's nothing I haven't been through.
It's cool.
Florida's great.
This is exactly what I expected Florida to be like.
Ha ha ha ha!
So...
Everybody calm down.
Well, don't calm down.
You can continue to be excited.
You have my permission to react in an excited way.
I don't know how to put this together.
Someone else is going to get hurt.
Don't devolve into a mob.
I'm interested too.
Let's talk about what just happened.
Ha ha ha ha!
Yeah, how do you know this guy?
Well, I mean...
I've actually known him for...
Oh, Jesus, here it comes.
Like, six years?
Okay.
And I kind of think he...
He kind of gets himself
a little riled up
and...
into situations.
I think he was kind of...
...
I'm kind of
not interested anymore.
I don't think
his actions were justified, but...
I thought they were.
I thought he had a great...
...
His point seemed very clear.
Ha ha ha ha!
Um...
Are you traumatized?
I mean, no offense, but if that happened to me,
I'd be very shaken up.
I'd not be able to carry on
with these comedic stylings like this.
Quite honestly,
the only reason why I'm pressing on
is only because it gets me more stage time.
Yeah.
So it was planned.
No, it wasn't planned at all.
I'm actually really pissed off on him.
I kind of don't want to give him a ride home right now.
I feel like the cops
got that covered.
Well, can you...
You seem to be very...
I don't want you to talk about anything you don't want to talk about,
but I'm just making the observation.
I feel my face blowing up. I'm sorry.
What's that? I feel my left cheek.
Do you want to go and put ice on it and stuff?
Or do you want to stay here?
The guy who was physically assaulted,
whatever you want,
happens for now.
I've had my nose broken by a belligerent driver down here before,
so it's not...
It sounds like you're asking for things.
No, the people who died here fucking suck a lot.
We'd like to talk about that, though.
And if you don't want to,
then we can...
For our full support, we can...
Let's move on.
No, I'd move on.
Then they're going to be like,
what the fuck? The show needs to pay attention
to the thing that happened.
It was his friend.
It's your friend.
So can I ask you a couple...
You're...
Thanks, Steve.
Is he just like your crazy knucklehead friend?
Yeah, he actually lives in Oxnard
about an hour away from you guys.
Oh, that's a bad place, too.
He moved over there a few years ago.
Hold on.
Like, that means, like, Ox Testicle, right?
I have no idea.
Who would name a city that?
And I mean, I'm not just saying that
because I heard of it. Like, I grew up...
Like you said, that's somewhere I'm used to.
It's a weird place that people tend not to go.
Is this a relationship like
the Renner Herzog movie,
My Best Fiend?
Like, is he just a...
Actually, now that Dino's here
and we can bring this up, yes,
it actually kind of is like My Best Fiend.
He's around, get really pissed off at him,
kind of scream at him sometimes,
but he can also be a
really fun time and we can do
lots of great stuff together.
And, you know, he's just that kind of guy
that gets a little out of bounds
unnecessarily and...
Unknowingly. Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I'm going to ask you a multiple-choice question.
He did that
because he's a.
Crazy. B.
Mad at you. C.
Has a really terrible sense of humor.
I think he's actually calling me, right?
D. It was a bit...
They planned out.
It was like some sad Andy Kaufman-esque...
I actually think he's just pissed off
that I came on stage and then
talked about Deadpool and was like,
oh, I can't talk about Deadpool
because I don't know anything about it.
That's why I punch people.
That's what I thought of
when I saw myself on the ground.
I was like, I fucked up.
I didn't make him proud.
Sorry, dad.
That's so sad that that's where you defaulted
to after being attacked randomly
by a friend.
Yeah, well, yeah.
The attack was random.
The friend is known to be
a nutcracker.
Not to that extent, but...
He's heckled you.
Actually, when he came to Supercon 2014,
when he did your Q&A...
See, I knew there was a Supercon.
I actually stopped a few times,
but...
Do you remember any specifics?
He said take off your shirt.
He just said take off your shirt.
Lots of people tell me.
He's actually the Tourette's guy also.
Oh, is he?
So he was just fucking wasted, probably, right?
We have been drinking
some local beers
for the day today, so I guess he's probably more wasted
than I was.
Those local beers are like bath salts, lager.
Special K...
Anheuser...
No, it's all flock of flavor.
That's what it is. It's all flock of...
Can I just say you're being an excellent sport?
Like, I am impressed.
I'm...
Oh, please.
It was his best friend.
Well, yeah, but...
Yes, I mean...
He's not being that good of a sport.
They have a silly, terrible
unbalanced relationship.
He's really...
He's a battered wife is what he is.
I'm not a sport.
Is that what you call a battered wife, Spencer?
He was such a good sport.
They are!
Do you think they're poor sports?
Are you going to give that to battered women?
They're also poor sports
on top of everything else.
You guys are a race
for the high roads.
You're going to hit the stratosphere
and asphyxiate each other.
All right, well...
Is everyone else satisfied
we can move on?
Yes! For God's sake!
Well, I didn't...
Look, I wanted to know more.
I felt like you guys,
if I didn't help you
investigate, that you'd be like,
why isn't he talking about the thing
with the thing?
But I guess I'm getting a...
maybe not a clear picture, but I can categorize it now.
Was he the guy that was videotaping?
That was someone else.
Okay, you guys are fine. Don't worry about it.
All right, well...
I guess maybe Deadpool
will be a bad movie.
I guess at this point
it's kind of looking like it.
If his fans
react to criticism that way,
I don't think it's because
it's going to be a great movie.
I liked On Golden Pond,
but I never...
I let it do its own defending.
I liked Hudson Hawk.
Did you really like
On Golden Pond? I wouldn't think you'd like that.
I thought it was kind of fun.
Nice. Like ordinary people.
I like those 70's movies about...
I got some movies to show you then.
All right.
What's your favorite movie, Punch Face?
I forgot your name.
That's your new name forever.
I'll take Punch Face.
Punch Face is the new nickname.
My name is Russell.
Russell, right?
Not Russell. Russell.
What's your favorite movie is a stupid question.
What is a favorite movie of yours?
Just randomly. It doesn't have to...
It doesn't have to be like...
What? I didn't hear.
It's also a bad movie.
Wow.
Fuck.
You're a good sport with the punch,
but you really overindulge in that wordplay.
That was that.
I feel assaulted by that.
Fuck that guy. Sucker Punch.
Just name a movie you like.
The Hateful Eight was great.
The 70mm Showing was really cool.
I'm sure you saw the Ceramidome.
Why am I yelling at you?
You get assaulted on time.
What?
What? Are you dumb or something?
All right.
Thank you for getting Punched in the Face.
I don't know how long you had.
I'm pretty sure I've taken up more time than I can.
Leave the ice here.
We have ice over here.
Is there anything...
I think it's your right, even if it was planned,
you still earned the right to plug your band
or anything that you want.
Is there anything you want to let people know you do?
Yeah, they're in a band together, I think.
I work as Trader Joe's
and I...
Get the fuck out of here.
I'm so glad I'm not you.
You have a Twitter?
I'm trying to get the fuck out of this place more or less.
Are you from Miami?
I'm from Fort Lauderdale.
More or less South Florida, yes.
Maybe you should head north.
No, no, no, no.
Don't come our way.
All right.
Let's have a hand for Russell
and let him go ice his face.
Thanks, guys.
All right.
I'd just like to remind the audience
that you can subscribe to the video version
of our podcast.
Oh, my God.
It's going to shoot up so high.
$5 a month, everybody.
Maybe we should plug Anomalisa during this show.
Oh.
Did you ever talk about Anomalisa?
Oh, it got nominated for an Oscar.
It got nominated for an Oscar for best anime feature.
Charlie Kaufman's new movie.
Our studio produced it
and it almost killed us.
So please,
if you want to download it,
illegally go ahead but buy the DVD
after if you like it.
Yeah, and maybe some of you
in the audience helped kickstart it early on.
Remember when that guy got punched in the face?
No.
That meaty sound.
That was a good
sound.
It was definitely a real punch.
Yeah.
It knocked him out of his chair.
That sound,
I remember my brother getting in
fights and
that slapy beef sound.
Yeah, it's not like the movies.
No, it's a chair.
It's like a real
horrible thing.
Yeah.
I'm just glad it was him and not us.
Yeah, I totally thought
that we'd be stabbed at this show.
Yeah, yeah.
That's why, yeah, I'm pleasantly surprised.
Jesus Christ.
God damn it.
Scared the shit out of me.
We all have fucking PTSD now.
I got the living
crap eating out of me when I was 17.
I will say
I deserved it. Nobody deserves to be physically hurt,
but I put myself
in a situation where I shouldn't have shocked me
that I ended up in a
lot of trouble.
I went and partied with a bunch of
just random dudes.
In my hometown
of Brown Deer, Wisconsin, there was only
if you were underage,
you couldn't buy liquor at the liquor stores.
It was too small a town.
This local motel.
And we'd
see if anybody wanted to
pitch in a bunch of money and find somebody
who was 21 and go buy beer.
I went with a couple of friends and was cruising
the motel and there was a bunch of dudes
and we started drinking malt liquor together
and smoking weed and we all pooled our money.
So we all knew we were all broke.
And then we just got really, really high
and really, really drunk and then
that's the horrible thing about violence is
it's inexplicable and it's like
there's no sense and it just
flavors your world for the rest of your life
because you're like, what the fuck was that?
I just remember sitting and being
really high and really drunk and there's this
rap music playing and I'm just nodding.
I'm like, I'm so high and I got a yin-yang patch
on my frosted denim jacket and I got
a little rat tail
with rubber bands and a little
E-gun from the real Ghostbusters rat tail.
And then
all of a sudden one of my two
friends, I see him stand up
and there's one of the stranger guys
they had us way outnumbered.
He was talking to him and my friend started shaking
his head and I didn't know what was going on
because the music was so loud and then all of a sudden
these fists just start flying.
The guy was just beating up my friend.
It wasn't like they got in a fight.
It was like the guy just started assaulting him
and then I stood up and then it was
just like 10 dudes
just like it felt like they were trying
to murder me. I didn't feel like
they were ever going to stop and I remember
my wallet. I was like kneeling on the floor
and I held out my wallet which I knew was empty
and which they knew was empty and then I felt
the wallet leave my hand and
there was a pause and then I felt
more punches
in the back of my head and I thought
oh my god they're going to kill me because
there's no reason for this. They're just
so high and drunk they just want to fucking kill me.
There was like glasses
breaking over my head. My head
was going into mirrors and stuff. A mirror.
I pluralized it to sound like a badass.
You were in a house of mirrors.
I probably told this story in the podcast before.
I was like, I was a kid who like
tossed around the room and at one point
one guy in the corner from
their crew like grabbed me
that was standing by the door and
he just grabbed me by the shoulders and looked
at my eyes and said get out of here
and shoved me out the door and slammed
it behind me and locked it.
Like I wanted to get back in.
I'm ashamed to say I forgot about my friends.
I didn't know if they were gone
because I was so...
I didn't remember if they were still
in there but I just want to be
candid and say I didn't
think about them anymore.
My face was so
fucked up. It was rapidly like
the swelling starts to happen a little bit later.
Everything was getting blurry.
The last thing I saw clearly before everything
just became blobs of light
was a young lady coming out of
an adjacent motel room
and this was
the worst part of it all was that
she came out of the room
and she looked at me
and I just expected like well I've been the victim
of a violent crime and now here's
where somebody will express
concern because
whatever she saw
which is the only mirror
available to me and my face had gone through
so I didn't know what she...
she looked at me and she
screamed like
she was terrified of me
that's how fucked up my face looked
like she was just like watching
and she ran back into her room
and just like closed the door
and then I just like walked and I tumbled
down a hill onto a freeway
and I stood up and I
tried to walk home but I couldn't see
I just like walked... I was just following
like these lights because I couldn't see anything
Why did I bring that up?
Because that sound, that fucking meaty slap
I got...
in high school
I got beat up once
it was supposed to be a fight
but it wasn't
I didn't throw a punch because
I just didn't know
it seemed weird to punch someone
back in high school
now
but I remember I just got like
the shit beat out of me and just like
like black eye and blood
and I remember the guy
and he's my Facebook friend now
and then
I posted
this bit that I do with Andy Dick
where he beats the shit out of me
as a bit
and I posted it once a year because it hurts
so I feel like I should at least get credit
for getting punched in the face
and slapped really hard
and
one of the comments
was that guy's brother
who just
wrote his brother's name
and it was highlighted
like you gotta take a look at this
like
the guy that you fucking beat up
is now on YouTube getting beat up
I don't know
or do you think I'm just like reading into something?
No, no, I don't at all
How did that make you feel?
Horrible
This guy is still talking about
beating the shit out of me when I was 13
and also made me feel good
you know, I mean
he's got no life
that's a high point in his life
He peaked, you're bummed
because you don't want to be his peak
Yeah, exactly
He jacks off about it
If he won a high contest after that
and that was his peak, then he could really mock him
Alright, well
moving on from that topic
What
you're apologizing for
Don't worry about it, Russell
The jury's still out on Russell
Russell, wait
it's a strange relationship
I mean, that's fine
No apology necessary, that's for sure
Alright, let's
kick this thing into high gear
Oh, really now?
How much time do we have left?
Ten minutes? Who said ten minutes?
It's just some guy that just
20 minutes is pretty close
10 or 15
Should we do a lightning round?
Should we do a little role-playing?
You know
I guess we should
Did you bring your
I'm going to try and play along this time
Okay, you're going to be nice this time
It's because I'm afraid of it
That's why
We have a waving hand, what's up
I want to play
You want to play?
You sounded bored
Come on up
Let's
balance that out and make sure that we continue
to think of gender as a dichotomy
Okay, come on up
Birthdays don't count
here
It's my birthday, I know it cares
because it's too close to Christmas
He's used to not having his birthday
celebrated
January birthdays
All right, what are your names here?
I'm Caitlin
And I'm William
This is Spencer
My name is Dan Harmon
That's Dino
That's probably to record
the sound of them charging the audience
charging the stage
Nobody punch me, okay
I think we're getting you another mic
All right, so
That mic is bad
I'm going to be really bad at this
You guys take the mic
Okay, so we got
Demorige's character
What's that? Oh, that's the order
Which of you would like to play
Demorige's character, Hortigrad
Thank you, you knew the name
All right, you're playing Hortigrad
And Jeff Davis's character, Mercy
I'll take that one, please
You want to play Jeff's character? Okay
That's Eve Liberty
Yeah, Eve, Mercy's dead
Here, you play
Spoiler alert
And you can play Camille's
usual character
Doctor Friend, I believe that is
All right, oh, and then
I might have myself
a guitar
All right, so
So
I mean, you don't got to
try to understand it
It doesn't make sense
Yeah, I don't, I mean
I never really look at this
Yeah, it's fine, it's all fine
I mean, I look at it, but
All right
Dusty, we got music or no?
Okay, cool
I'm just going to go then
This one's by Michael Bricks
A lot of people wrote recaps and they were very good
but a lot of them were too long, sorry
Okay, so yeah
Last time
on Harmon Run, the gang
made their way to press 5 to refresh
in search of Jim
Peggy's daughter, in an attempt
to complete their mission, all but
Hortigrad disguised themselves as
southern bells to sneak their way
into the building, they got
to the lobby, but in an unlikely
array of events, Jim
drew impatient of Rob Schrab
and shot the security guard in the head
That's right
After debating whether or not
they should heal the dead man, a smoke
grenade flew into the room and
gunfire started a blazing
through, poorly trying
to escape through an air vent
Rob Schrab runs towards the security guards
Oh, I guess that's
Mercy O'Donnell, Mercy O'Donnell
runs towards the security guards
and is obliterated into a pink
mist by machine gun
fire. Is this the end
of our shadow runners?
Will they meet the same fate as Mercy O'Donnell?
And who was Rob Schrab
playing as I answered that question?
Find out this time
on Shadow Town, Harmon Run
Town
Alright
Alright, do you guys have
any questions? Let me set the stage
for you. You're in the lobby
of the press f5 to
refresh. There are security guards
peppering the area with machine gun
fire. Everyone is clambering
into an air vent except
for Jim Nightblade who's just finishing
his climbing. You're all in this air vent
that's being
the air vents above a room that's just being coated
in gunfire. You hear screams
and just explosions and all sorts
of stuff and you realize the air vent
you're in isn't exactly bullet proof
but is the air conditioning on?
Yes, it's lovely.
Guys, I
see here I'm good at sneaking
so
can I suggest
not being loud in this air vent?
Okay
How many points do I get for that?
Three. Thank you.
I think they might know that we
I'm going to blow you out of the water!
Just keep moving.
So we're all single file in an air vent?
Yeah, you're kind of in the back.
Go! Go!
I think they know we're in here.
What do I say about quiet?
Don't talk just mine.
If we could be both quiet and fast
good but if one has to cost the other
I'd go for speed because bullets
are so fast.
But I'm good at medicine
so I can heal you.
Who's in front?
Let's say Mercy. No, she's dead.
Let's put
Horde Guard out front.
Does that mean? Nope.
I'll lead the way.
I move very quickly.
That's true.
You crawl down the vent as
bullet holes rip through the air vent.
Don't worry, I'm good at medicine.
I dodge them.
I use my cat-like agility to
sneak around those bullets.
You do that. You sneak right around the bullets.
Whoa!
You guys crawl to a T-junction
in the air vent. It seems to be
past the room you were just in
so you bought yourselves a little bit of time.
Left.
Is that it?
Does it seem like a correct
direction? They all seem great.
Left.
Yeah, you turn left.
You shuffle down.
I follow for my money.
You shuffle down. Below you
you see a great, but also
the thing goes ahead. It's still
being adduct that way.
But there's a great below you.
Great geography.
Jump down through it.
All right.
Wait.
I look through it first.
You see a bunch of cowering
people.
They're wearing medical gowns
and they're cowering as if
evading or trying to dodge
some sort of shooting.
Is there anyone
shooting at them? No, but
you do hear gunshots coming from other rooms.
Like the ones you were just near.
So I kick my way through it
and take a defensive
position.
All right. Who else is doing stuff?
I shoot like five
people.
Who else is doing stuff?
Because I'm good at shooting.
It's true. He's great.
You're watching.
I
drop down.
Do you want to
figure out the result of him shooting five people?
It's all going to happen kind of simultaneously.
My next move would be
to go down into the room that he went down into.
All right.
I didn't catch your name.
Dan Harmon. No.
William.
Caitlin.
What do you want to do?
I'm going to follow behind them still
being Catholic. All right.
The three of you leap into the room.
It shocks all the people and they start backing
away from you.
But as they back away, five of them are cut down
by pistol fire coming from the vent above.
Me, right? Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
All right.
Get their medical gowns.
They'll never suspect.
Five
doctors with blood all over them.
I stripped the dead ones.
What? I stripped the dead ones.
The rest of them
are screaming and cowering in a corner.
Give me
your medical gowns.
People got shot even
before I asked that.
I jumped down and
applied medicine to the shot people
and get them to be on our side.
Well, they're dead. The shot people are dead.
No, I'm really good at medicine.
But you're even...
You're better at shooting, though. Well, that's not true.
But you were good enough at shooting
so that the goodness of medicine
isn't applicable in this situation.
You're the
dragon lord.
Grand mask, no. Grand dragon.
Yeah.
Well, I have somebody...
Give me your gowns.
You got everybody's gowns.
All right. I put these on.
We're disguised as doctors.
It's the best plan in the world.
Medical gowns are not worn by doctors.
Patience. Patience.
That's even better.
Am I still in the grading up there?
Yeah, yeah. You're still up there.
Hey! Guys!
Yeah?
I'm really good with...
clubs.
I was in the chess club
in school.
I could move
like the way a knight moves.
Like an L? Like straight
and then to the side? Is that a knight?
Oh, shit. I'm thinking bishop.
Yeah.
No wonder I got kicked out of that club.
Why don't you do what a pawn would do
and just come down one
space? Fuck you.
Do what a pawn would do. You're an asshole.
Sorry.
I think you're a queen.
You I like.
What do you want?
Queens could do anything.
Queens could do what pawns do.
Right? Or is that a king?
I'm putting on a gown.
Do I have a gown on?
I'm leaving.
Do you take off all your tactical gear
or do you disarm yourself?
It's a gown. It kind of like drapes over the gear.
It's very thin and
also open.
Now, realism?
All right.
Okay.
I just want to get at the lay of the land.
Yes, I take off all of my tactical gear
and I do it. I'm a desperate man.
I'm terrified. This mission has gone
parachaped
since about a year and a half ago.
And I
now if I could just in my head
what I'm thinking just so you know is
if I have to
get naked, put on a medical gown
and wander off into Seattle
and just never shadow run again
right now I'm thinking
the good idea because
I feel bad.
I got an idea.
Let's play dead.
I have this cyanide.
We all take the cyanide and play dead.
We all have cyanide immunity, right?
We have cyanide community?
I do. Do you guys have cyanide immunity?
No.
New plan, new plan.
Someone else come up with something.
If you take your cyanide, I can quick heal you.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And where does that get us?
Nowhere.
You lose cyanide.
Yeah, because I'm immune to it anyway.
All right, go ahead, go ahead.
Oh, immunity.
I'm putting I'm getting naked
and putting on this gown.
And then I'm leaving.
I'll follow you.
Okay.
Can you get naked and put on a gown?
Yeah.
Yeah, I love it.
Here we go.
Are you still up in the vent?
Get a load of this.
Yeah.
You've just been this voice from a vent this whole time.
I like you to see me
in little squares.
Naked.
Here I am. Okay, I'm out of the vent
and I'm all dressed.
All of you are wearing medical gowns.
Are we still being attacked?
No, you're in another room.
Okay.
I'll
I strap a
a grappling hook
to my arm under the sleeve
and two guns to my back.
Like a diehard.
Like a double diehard.
With a side of grappling hook.
I'm going to die harder
and then I'll wear the gown
and stuff my clothes into the vent.
All right.
You hear an explosion coming from the hallway.
You see a metal door fly
going face down
and you hear the voices of tactical people
going clear the hall.
Get every room. Get them all.
Find all the peeps.
It's future slang.
Caitlin, whoever you're playing.
Who are you playing?
Eve.
Get naked.
Oh, yes. I stripped down.
I put on my medical gown
and then I want to use my improved invisibility
so these people that are charging in this room
are about to find me.
Just so you know, now I feel bad that I told you to get naked
if you have invisibility.
And I feel like I should mention
that improved invisibility can work on multiple targets.
All right.
Well, I cast my improved
invisibility on all of us.
Jesus Christ, I put my tactical gear back on.
Except now it's hard
because I can't see my own hands.
So it's kind of like
it's like when you have novocaine
in your jaw and you're trying to suck through a straw.
I put my hospital gun on backwards.
All right.
So, okay.
You're all invisible.
Do you have a course of action
or do you think being invisible is good?
Well, I mean, let's be honest.
Being invisible is great.
Yeah, this is enough.
It solves a ton of problems.
All right.
The tactical guardsmen, they rush into the room
and they go, where are they?
Get on the ground.
You see all the people get on the ground
and they start crying.
And two of the guardsmen stay watching
and the rest of them run down the hall
to clear other rooms.
I silently walk out.
Okay.
So, sorry.
A bird just flew into my head.
We're indoors.
It was a parakeet.
I hate being invisible.
Shit.
I attack the,
I stun baton the
guards that are in here,
the tactical guys
because they hear us talking now, right?
Yeah, yeah, no, they do.
Am I going to turn invisible?
Is this like D&D rules?
Do I turn invisible when I attack?
I can't remember.
Let's say yes.
Okay. Well, then I don't attack.
Can I make walls?
I'm the wall maker.
I don't think horticard can make walls.
Like any human being can make walls.
I stand corrected.
Yeah, Dr. Frank can make barriers.
I think Eve can make barriers.
There's also anxiety when I talk to people
and I can't explain the original plan.
Yeah, I can make barriers.
There's a second page here.
Well, am I going to,
that'll make me not invisible anymore.
That's true.
Yeah, I'm leaving.
All right. Do you want to tell anyone that?
Can I do it through my comlinks?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, you have, yeah, I mean, there's these,
there's the short answers, yes.
I'm leaving.
Tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet.
Fucking parakeet.
All right.
Silently and invisibly,
you walk out the front door.
Of the whole place?
Yeah.
We're out in the streets? Yeah, man.
All right, guys, we did it.
You did. We made it out alive.
Not tired.
All right.
I feel good.
You really didn't die.
Guys, how can we see anything?
Because you need,
when you're invisible, you need to focus
on your retina.
And like, how do you focus?
The light is going through your
ocular apparatus.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a good question.
We should go to the library.
Let's go to the library.
We go to the library.
Okay.
Maybe we weren't really invisible.
No, you are.
Maybe it's impossible. We're going to the library.
Why do you hate libraries?
Learn a few things.
You're literate, aren't you?
I don't have your sheet, but I think you're literate.
I've got a map.
He's got it.
All right, you're at the library.
Okay, I take all the books out.
There are no books.
Oh, shit. It's the future.
Do they have MP3s?
Yeah, yeah, of course.
Can you order DVDs?
Is that what he says?
No.
Really, he wasn't thinking the same thing I was?
I research invisibility.
Okay, you find out that magic is why.
It's magic.
No, that explains everything.
You can't see me yet?
No.
Well, I'm leaving the library.
Were you talking to me?
Yeah, I'm looking right at you.
I can't see that.
I don't even know I'm looking at you.
You fuck with me all the time.
I'm leaving.
I'm out in the street.
Spencer trying to figure this out.
It's not my job to figure this out at all.
No, I mean, you just walked out of the mission.
What do you want to do now?
It turns out that you...
Are you mad at us?
No, I mean, I knew this was going to happen.
All right, we failed.
We failed. We're bad shadow runners.
My wife, my ex-wife's character
got blown away in a mist.
And she's going to think
that I put Spencer up to that.
No, that was wrong.
All right, well,
we all jump up in the air,
so we can't see each other.
But in the...
Bad high fives, right?
Yeah.
It's like a freeze frame,
like in a Toyota commercial from the 80s.
But we don't know it.
We just all describe it.
I'm up in the air.
Me too.
All right, thank you.
Thank you, Magic Kingdom.
Good.
Spencer Crittenden, your game master.
Russell, your...
Russell got the shit beat out of him!
We were scared for a second.
I say he got beaten up.
I think he got it. He took a punch like a man.
Or a strong woman.
He took a punch with agency.
Let's have a hand for our roleplayers.
Let's have a hand for
Graciella.
Thank you, Rick.
Rick, the amazing buddy's mom.
Fucker.
Justin Marshall.
Steve Levy.
Tito Stamatopoulos.
I will give you
a million dollars
if you don't expect me
to take pictures.
We're doing a signing tomorrow.
Right?
So, please come to the booth
for that.
My throat is shredded.
I watched a man get punched in the face
and didn't do anything about it.
I'm really going to go home
and make love to my girlfriend
with a lot of vigor.
I'm sure she was very impressed
by my instinctive
skills.
I just went, what?
Security!
Thank you so much,
Miami and its visitors.
Come see me tomorrow.
I'll sign anything. Take pictures with you.
God bless you. Have a great convention.
So sorry to anyone that was traumatized.
You're all fantastic.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.